Create scalar transport module (#22392)
idaholab/moose: modules/scalar_transport/doc/content/source/bcs/UnaryRecombinationBC.md

# UnaryRecombinationBC

!syntax description /BCs/UnaryRecombinationBC

## Overview

This class implements a weak form corresponding to

\begin{equation}
\int_{\Omega} \psi_i K_r u^2 d\Omega
\end{equation}

> where $K_r$ is the recombination coefficient specified with the `Kr` parameter and
> $u$ corresponds to the `variable` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $K_r$ is the recombination coefficient specified with [!param](/BCs/UnaryRecombinationBC/Kr)
and $u$ corresponds to [!param](/BCs/UnaryRecombinationBC/variable).
```
